# Continuous Fuzzy Sets

For the present, at least, pyPRUF doesn't provide a complete implementation of `ContinuousFuzzySet`, we're still working on it 😉! Despite this, some facilities have still been implemented but their implementations are still temporary so their use is strongly discouraged for complex, large, commercial and enterprise systems. For small or sperimental applications, feel free to use it. Keep in mind that the implementations of `ContinuousFuzzySet` and `membership_functions` module may change very quickly so don't rely too much on them.

The module [`fuzzy_set`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set) provide a temporary implementation of the class [`ContinuousFuzzySet`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet). [`ContinuousFuzzySet`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet) are defined as all those fuzzy sets whose domain or part of the domain is a nonnumerable and, therefore, a continuous set. They can be represented only by their domain and by their membership function which returns the membership degree of an element in its domain. Specifying the domain is required in order to be compatible with the fuzzy relational algebra operators of `DiscreteFuzzySet`. This is a reasonable starting assumption to develop a useful [`ContinuousFuzzySet`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet) class. The idea is to use both `DiscreteFuzzySet` and [`ContinuousFuzzySet`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet) in combination to get the most out of this library. At the moment, however, only a temporary implementation of [`ContinuousFuzzySet.__init__`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet.__init__), [`ContinuousFuzzySet.__getitem__`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet.__getitem__) and [`ContinuousFuzzySet.rename_domain`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet.rename_domain) methods are provided by pyPRUF. Please read the [API docs](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set) for more info.

The module [`membership_functions`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.membership_functions) provides a base abstract class `MembershipFunction` which serves as the foundational class for all [`ContinuousFuzzySet`](./api.md/#pyPRUF.fuzzy_set.ContinuousFuzzySet) membership functions. Please read the [API docs](./api.md/#pyPRUF.membership_functions) for more info.